//ARRAY

1-sep-2024

1. Largest element in ARRAY
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/largest-element-in-array4009/0?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=largest-element-in-array

2. Second largest in array
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/second-largest3735/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=second-largest

3. check if array is sorted or not.
https://www.naukri.com/code360/problems/ninja-and-the-sorted-check_6581957?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_campaign=striver_Arrayproblems&leftPanelTabValue=SUBMISSION

4. Remove duplicates from sorted array.
https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/

2-sep-2024

5. Rotate an array to the left  
https://www.naukri.com/code360/problems/left-rotate-an-array-by-one_5026278?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_campaign=striver_Arrayproblems&leftPanelTabValue=SUBMISSION

6. Rotate an array to the right by k places
https://www.naukri.com/code360/problems/rotate-array_1230543?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_campaign=striver_Arrayproblems&leftPanelTabValue=SUBMISSION

7.  Rotate an array to the right by k places
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-array/

8. Move zeroes to end
https://leetcode.com/problems/move-zeroes/

9. Linear search
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/who-will-win-1587115621/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=who-will-win

10. union of two sorted arrays
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/union-of-two-sorted-arrays-1587115621/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=union-of-two-sorted-arrays

11. Intersection of two sorted arrays
https://www.naukri.com/code360/problems/intersection-of-2-arrays_1082149?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=affiliate&utm_campaign=striver_Arrayproblems&leftPanelTabValue=SUBMISSION

12. Intersection of two arrays
https://leetcode.com/problems/intersection-of-two-arrays/

3|09|24

13. Missing number in the array.
https://leetcode.com/problems/missing-number/

14. Maximum consecutive ones
https://leetcode.com/problems/max-consecutive-ones/

15. Find the number that appears once, and other numbers twice.
https://leetcode.com/problems/single-number/

16. Longest subarray with sum k
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/longest-sub-array-with-sum-k0809/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=longest-sub-array-with-sum-k

17.  Total number of subarrays whose sum equals to k.
https://leetcode.com/problems/subarray-sum-equals-k/description/


4|09|24

18. Two sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/description/

19. Sort 0s, 1s and 2s
https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-colors/

20. Majority element appears more than n/2 times
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element/description/

21. Maximum subarray / kadane's algorithm
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subarray/description/

22. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
https://leetcode.com/problems/best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock/description/

23. Rearrange Array Elements by Sign
https://leetcode.com/problems/rearrange-array-elements-by-sign/description/

https://www.naukri.com/code360/problems/alternate-numbers_6783445


5|09|24

24. Rotate Matrix by 90 degrees
https://leetcode.com/problems/rotate-image/description/

25. Set matrix to zeroes 
https://leetcode.com/problems/set-matrix-zeroes/description/

26. Print the matrix in spiral manner
https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/description/

27. Leaders in an array.
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/leaders-in-an-array-1587115620/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=leaders-in-an-array


6|09|24

28. Pascal's triangle
https://leetcode.com/problems/pascals-triangle/description/

29. Merge sorted array
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-sorted-array/description/

7|09|24

30. Merge intervals
https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-intervals/description/

31. Longest Consecutive sequence
https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-consecutive-sequence/description/

8|sep|24

32. Maximum product subarray
https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-product-subarray/description/

33. Majority element II
https://leetcode.com/problems/majority-element-ii/description/


###############################################################################333
                    Extra Questions

34. Repeating and missing number
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/problems/find-missing-and-repeating2512/1?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=collab_striver_ytdescription&utm_campaign=find-missing-and-repeating

32. 3 sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/3sum/description/

33. 4 sum
https://leetcode.com/problems/4sum/description/



